Israel has handed over 880 bodies of
Palestinians who were killed in Gaza
more than a month ago they were returned
at gaza's Southeastern crossing a mass
grave in rafah was made to bury the
remains medical Crews have been unable
to identify some individuals because of
the state of decomposition Han sh has
more from
RAF Israeli authorities have handed over
the bodies of approximately 80 people
through the Karam Abu Salam crossing the
these are people who were arrested and
kidnapped in Gaza City and Northern Gaza
so far we don't know their names or the
total number however it is estimated
there are 80 people this truck just
entered the Karam salm Crossing
southeast of Raa it is now headed
towards the Abu andar hospital and the
bodies will be examined to identify the
people if
possible as you can see this truck is
arriving now and it's carrying the
bodies of those people this is the first
time bodies have been handed over to the
Palestinian side through the official
border crossing for identification and
burial processes here in
Gaza we have just collected the bodies
of 80 people who will be laid to rest in
a mass grave at tal Alan Cemetery they
fell during the Israeli aggression and
may God have mercy on their
souls we dug this 50 m long Mass grave
to bury the bodies of the
people the truck has arrived accompanied
by a Palestinian medical crew the bodies
will be examined then laid to rest at
this Cemetery these bodies were held by
the Israelis for at least 1 month
Palestinian medical Crews say they
cannot identify them because some of the
bodies decomposed they'll be buried here
in this Mass
grave they died in mysterious
circumstances and no one could confirm
their identities or pay their L
respects
AB